Distributed Transactions content update (#1898)
vitessio/website: content/en/docs/22.0/reference/features/distributed-transaction.md

* **InternalErrors.TwopcCommit**: This is a counter that tracks the number of failures to fulfill a commit request on the prepared transactions.
* **InternalErrors.TwopcPrepareRedo**: This is a counter that tracks the number of failures to re-prepare a previously prepared transaction.
* **InternalErrors.TwopcResurrection**: This is a counter that tracks the number of failures in resurrecting prepared transactions.

#### Alertable Failures

The following failures are not urgent but require investigation:

* **InternalErrors.RedoWatcherFail**: This counter is incremented if there is a failure in reading the TwoPC redo state.
* **InternalErrors.TransactionWatcherFail**: This counter is incremented if there is a failure in reading the TwoPC transaction state.

## Repairs

If any of the alerts are triggered, an administrator may need to scan the VTGate/VTTablet logs for investigation to identify the DTID and/or VTTablet.
The user can navigate to the `VTAdmin` UI to see the list of in-flight transactions for each keyspace.

`VTAdmin` can display the DTID information which can be used to manually repair the transaction.

> Once it is handled, the administrator can force `Conclude` on the transaction to remove it from the unresolved list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once that is done, the administrator can force `Conclude` on the transaction to remove it from the unresolved list.
```
